

Patient management system : PROTOTYPE

---
Learning project towards aws web services with Daniel Cristea
***
We first created a simple front end for the appointment scheduling based on the AWS sample app. Building the sample app had some problems where it required IIS hosting, but we luckily were able to fix it by working with http / https. We then proceeded to create the links between the different pages of our applications for it to be easily navigable. We then proceeded to implement a SQLITE database using Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore which can easily make an integrated SQlite database into an application without the use of an external database. This was not part of the requirements so we deactivated it for the time being and will need to be migrated in order for the submit button to work. Else the needed database dll save files will not be created resulting in an error. Next, we proceeded to include BootStrap into our project which we put into the wwwroot folder of our aws application for it is the folder downloaded on the client's computer and as such the cascading style sheet must be present in there for them to be actually used. Images that were used in our website would of course also need to be there. Only exception being the razor files and cshtml files which will be taken by the client during runtime and not at the start of it. We then created our page, the Get appointment tab, which is a simple page with a title and and a carousel on the left which auto switches between the different image of trustworthy doctor and on the right the form with a working submit button. If this project is continued, we would put first name and last name in a different field and modify a bit the model because right now the page looks kind of empty and appointments usually require more information.
The idea behind this design is for clients to easily identify the form on the page for that would be what they are looking for in the get appointment page. We also put the form on the right instead of the left because we want to avoid clients clicking on a different tab by accident,  and on the left we put the carousel of the doctor to give a sense of safety and make some movement in the page. At the bottom we put some text to say this would be where we put the conditions and other important stuff so that clients could be referred to in case they are worried about various stuff. 
